Configurable S3 endpoint; Success webhook support (#11)
peterrus/docker-s3-cron-backup: README.md

- AWS_ACCESS_KEY: Get this from amazon IAM
- AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: Get this from amazon IAM, **you should keep this a secret**
- S3_BUCKET_URL: in most cases this should be s3://name-of-your-bucket/

> - S3_ENDPOINT_URL: confiruable S3 endpoint url for non-amazon services

Reviewer: small typo here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- S3_ENDPOINT_URL: (Optional, defaults to whatever AWS provides) configurable S3 endpoint URL for non-Amazon services (e.g. Wasabi or Minio)
```

All environment variables prefixed with 'AWS_' are directly used by [awscli](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) that this image heavily relies on.

> Add optional HEALTHCKECKS_IO_CHECK_ID variable to notify [healthchecks.io](http://healthchecks.io) about the successful backup.

Reviewer: I would move this one up into the list of parameters, in the same format as the suggestion I did above.
